
1919 
Take it off
Put it on

The world had just cracked open
The possibilities spilling everywhere
We were creatures of comfort 

Crushed velvet dresses
Smooth finish
All new look

Touch testing
Specializing in thinning
The process is reversed

Put it on
Take it off

A Father’s Love 

​The day my daddy, died my momma was out of town. I’d just finished organizing the utensil drawers and polishing my daddy favorite steak knife. I saw him lying there, bloodied and mangled, like he’d just gotten out of a fight with a lion.  I got out the old shovel and dug him a grave because he’d always wanted a funeral at home.
Before I put him into the ground, I heard a rustle nearby. As I turned around, a pan made contact with my nose, and it started to throb. A guilt-stricken woman faced me and tried to make a quick escape before she fell into my daddy’s grave. She began to plead and cry. I looked at her with blank eyes and went into the house to retrieve something. When I came back, the woman was trying to climb out of the hole.
I smiled at her and pushed my daddy’s lifeless body into the grave. She screamed as he fell on top of her. “PLEASE!” she screamed as I begun to shovel the dirt back into the grave. She claimed to not have known that my daddy was married, and she asked me to spare her. I took my daddy’s steak knife out of my pocket and noticed the dry blood patch that I must have missed. The woman continued to scream as I threw the knife at my daddy’s back.  It would remind him of home, and it was, of course, his favorite.
A Stained Glass Morning 
She missed home.
Old, decrepit fingers have spent days upon days cooking and weaving, trying to find a home in a place that wasn’t.
She smiled when she wasn’t happy. She grinned when she wasn’t joyous.
Those moments were rarer than her son-in-law’s choice steak.
Then one day, for hours, you could hear the sound of breaking glass coming from her tiny apartment.
SMASH. Giggling. SMASH. Cackling.
Her granddaughter asked her mother what grandmother could possibly be doing. 
Mother smiled and said, “She’s making herself a stained glass morning.”
After hours of crashes, the frail woman picked her favorite shards, and with wire, cut hands wound pieces of art.
Each little piece she hung from her bedroom ceiling.
Three days those hands worked.
On day four, all was quiet.
Granddaughter quietly opened the gilded doors, and a gasp escaped her young lips.
The sun filtered amber rays through large windows; each ray illuminating its own shard of colored glass.
The grandmother sat in her rocking chair with a smile on her face and arms outstretched for the girl to envelop in.
She told her granddaughter stories on a stained glass morning.
She no longer missed home.
Alpha Girl
Her untouchable passion explodes
revealing the scars of her insecurities.
Her unfiltered beauty
awakens her broken mind.
Her overwhelming confidence
glides undetected.
While other people see the Alpha Girl.
She sees the glory in death.
Arranged unhappiness

The poinsett bride exhales at
a reflection she no longer knows.
Her eyes, a deep brown,
quicksand, swirling out of control, pulling resources from around, sucking life out of her canvas-ed face, which was painted by those who only pretended to love her.
The cream Chantilly lace of the dresses' sculpted bodice shimmers in a dim, moist room, reflecting off of the sparking symbol of arranged everlasting love, gripping her finger, too tight for removal,
too tight for indecision.
Elegance knows only one name.
Pastel florals radiate a sense of childhood,
which was only a memory now.
Bring back the hope
Satan’s sin and temptation
Shines down upon my fears
And leaves a wound of sorrow
Where hope once had been
My heart is like a piece of coal
Now all I need is a match
To light the an ember of anger and hate
In hope of securing a flame
In a world fueled by pain
Engulfed in terror and rage
That cannot be contained
In hope that doesn’t come
 In battles never won
The fire rages ever on
And leaves a single scar
We engulfed the flames
Of Satan’s rein
We flooded the gates
Of temptation and pain 
We broke down the doors of our vile sins
To bring back the hope 
Within our hearts again.

She was skinny enough to break
But she was already broken

Benevolent breaths escape us,
Filling them with life.
They are born into the world
Carefree in essence,
Inherently whimsical.

We admire our creations,
These glass orbs of bliss.
Each flaunts its glossy surface,
Streaked with neon pastels:
Rose, lemon, viridian, azure,
Each one is hand-painted
By their own ace artisan.

Like all pure masterpieces,
Brilliant but delicate,
Capsules of euphoria
Are always ephemeral.

Yet still we imagine.
We indulge, we create
Our swarm of transcendence,
Surrounding the sky with marvel.

These effervescent soapsuds
Sail without direction,
Awaiting their glorious moment, 
Seeking their radiant explosion.

They flourish for fraction of infinity,
Just long enough to share their joy
Before each breath of life
Is again released into oblivion.

We are all bubbles:
Senseless, sublime beings.
Our existence, a beautiful spark
In time’s eternal expanse.
BULLIED
Masked
a façade of happiness.
Death pulling
on the heart strings
of the young

Cat
 
They just keep arguing back and forth, neither listening to one another. 
“You don’t love me anymore,” she shouts. 
I just sit there, watching the scene, and trying not to laugh. Man they seem so stupid to me. How did I end up being here? With them out of everyone?  
The fight started to get somewhat violent. I watch him hit her. She falls to the ground, striking her head on the cold, hard cement. She screams. I laugh and move closer towards them. What a show! 
She jumped up, grabbing a fork. He never saw it coming. He leaped as the fork broke the skin on his hand. He started screaming, cursing and jumping around. The fork stuck comically out of his hand. She opened the silverware drawer and took a steak knife out. He turned around just to see her stab him in the chest. Holding the fork, he stabs her in the neck. Blood squirts out all over the kitchen. She gasps, falling to the floor. He watches her for a split second, closes his eyes and falls over. 
I laugh. These humans are amusing. Not that I mind them, being dead and all. I wonder who is going to feed me now?

Climbing Trees
Hands knot together
As branches of a tree do
Tangling leaves
And growing stronger.
Fingers trace shapes
On the branches
Lulling in and out of consciousness
Intoxicated by the closeness.
Two branches, intertwined,
Rise and fall with the wind,
As if breathing.
Coming Together

The best part of the library is the coming together of ideas,
Like ingredients in a pot,
Added one by one to add to the final dish.

A sprinkling of myths,
A dash of scientific inquiry,
A splash of geographic reference,
A taste of mathematical study.

An experimental chef may choose its substances based on color,
On smell,
Or even texture.

The large leather-bound on the top shelf?
Or maybe the thin scrolls wrapped in thee alcove with care.

Every element added haphazardly,
Unsure how one will affect the other until the final stir.

Will the mixture fill a room with decadent knowledge,
Or will it burn the coal black of misunderstanding and confusion?

The experimental chef never truly knows,
Until the components of cognizance finally come together.
Dark Spiral
A road of gold leads beneath a dark path.
The sun sinks behind a far off land,
setting a pillar of light across the icy water,
and leaving the darkness to rule. 
Scribbles across the mind,
a street of glowing water,
a river of thought,
in the moment before disaster.
Love is like a dream.
A nightmare.
Broken glass,
fractured happiness:
A dark spiral.
Dear ghost, 

You said you would do it, but you lied. 
Said you would fix things, but you died 
Said that the past didn’t matter because we have the future, 
But all I have now is a blank picture. 

We drew up all these plans 
Of all the things we would do 
When I was older you said 
Just a little longer you said 

I had a path as clear as the water in Barbados, 
But now all I have to do is write to your ghost. 
Sometimes I sit with wrinkled disdain 
And try to hold on to my pain. 

It is easy to hold on but hard to let go, 
But that’s something you probably know. 
I ponder the reasons why you left.
They swim around in my head like monsters, making me obsessed. 

Moving on is a prickly concept; 
It won’t let you grasp it until it knows you are ready.
You can’t trick it with moldy forgiveness 
Or hide from it the monsters inside you. 

But, once you can grasp it and hold on to it firmly, 
That blank picture you have starts to seem worthy. 




Desire

Dark grey clouds bear the longing
Of a storm I called desire.

I boil these thoughts like a wildfire
In the heart that stirs my stomach of desire.

Sniffling them back like snot,
Winter’s season over and grows spring’s desire.

Ambitions of a melancholy stardust
Leave traces of the universe that spark up a desire.

As Early as they come, they go,
But they can never take away your desire!Harvest
The sun fades,
 And the moon wanes.
The flowers die
As the crops thrive.
The air freezes.
The season changes.
Our love is alive,
But our end is close by.
Hollow Love

We forget because we trust. 
We break and turn to dust.
We shatter as we scream.
We fall and then we dream.
Dreams today, dreams tomorrow,
Magic lost that we then borrow.
Yet the spell we need, will not be shown,
Temptations with thorns will not be outgrown,
Hollow inside with parts made of gear.
Hiding away, safe from the fear.
But the safe is an illusion of the mind,
The cracks all over we then find.

We patch them up, glued together,
Yet your lasting cure eludes forever.
Maybe that is the price we must pay,
To break and crumble to find a way.
But by the time that path would unfurl, 
All that's left is smoke curls.
The burning husk of what will never be,
There is nothing left for you to see.
Home. 

"I'll be home soon baby girl,"
those were her last words. 
I was naive enough to think
that I was the last person she'd hurt. 

I don't think she meant to,
but I know she won't return. 
because the man behind the wheel,
had taken the wrong turn.

but it was only a mistake,
he had had too many drinks.
"I'll be home soon baby girl,"
sooner than she thinks. 

I Am

I am the light in the stars you will never be able to reach,
You strive for it, but it’s no use.
Whereas, I am the perseverance building-
Boiling in your body.
I am the darkness that curls around your head at night,
Ready for bed with blackened thoughts and self-worth.
I am the hate- the rebellion within your every puzzle piece,
Eating away at the mind and soul. 
I am the knife you’ll take to your death bed,
Buried with your meaning, and forgotten about. 
I am the shadows that play tricks with your psyche,
Bringing you down under the rusted drain pipe with me.
You punch and scream and fight
To rid yourself of my evil
But really I am you;
The biggest fears that grow on you like a tumor.
I am your other half, the side no one wants to see.

I Am Here

I am here for those sick and healthy. 
I am here for those weary and weak.
I am here in times of both peace and strife.
I am here for all.

I collect those bleeding and abandoned in a warzones trench. 
I collect those at peace in their beds.
I collect the beggars with nothing but scraps to their name.
I collect those who sit on thrones of gold with their every desire fulfilled.

Why do you fear me so?
I end even the greatest of pains.
All are equals before me.
Every being deserves rest.
Let me guide you into infinity.Just like that

Just like that.
My heart is shattered to pieces.
Who knew a couple of words could cause so much pain.

I never knew how I felt until now,
Until it's gone.
I never knew I loved it so much.

No, I wasn't one of the hard-core dedicated players,
Yet, it was still a part of my life
And now, it's been cut short.

It was so unexpected.
I thought for sure I'd make it.
I mean, "who would be stupid enough to cut their fastest runner/player."
But that's where I went wrong I guess.

I felt too highly of myself.
I made my chances so slim when they were broad.

How stupid of me.
How conceited and blind of me,

But like everyone's been telling me,
It's not like my whole life has ended;
True, not my whole life,
Just a small portion of it.
Just like that.
Me
Looking back I see
The person I used to be,
The girl that would hide behind her mother
When company came over,
The girl that would never talk
Unless spoken to,
Never again will I be that girl,
Who I am now is a question, 
Am I supposed to be
the person everyone wants me to be?
Or can I be the person that I am?
I am no longer the girl I was
The girl who was too shy to even speak,
I will be no one but myself
Because I am me.



MOVE ON
To break with my past.
To receive another chance.
To learn the truth about love.
Nature
Nature the great outdoors
The smell of the fresh clean air
As I walk out the door
With my camera in hand
I can hear the birds sing
Their sweet melodies
As I walk through the leaves
I look up at the trees
As they sway to and fro
By some warm summer breeze
My mind is calm and at peace
As I walk among the trees
And the many fallen leaves
Admiring the scenery 
Of autumn that’s yet to come
For within nature
Is where you’ll find me. 


Nature's Onslaught


Ripping, tearing, shredding, howling,
It slices through the forest like a well kept knife.
Trees crack like rifle fire
Leaves swirl in the air drunkenly.

Beasts hide
Some burrow beneath the earth's vast solidity 
Others take to dark dank caves  
And even more take refuge against cliffs 
that have managed to withstand many onslaughts worse than this
All to shield themselves from the relentless aggressor

The wind is on the prowl for victims
And nothing alive can rob it of it's right to destroy.



NOT POETIC
How can I write something that not only opposes society
But the very nature of true emotions?
How can I write about love, hate, and passion
When every step I take I fall into the traps of a world of criticism?

A world where the state of creativity is so specific.
A place where what’s morally right is frowned upon, 
And what’s morally unjust held high on a pedestal.
A country where empty bodies try to crawl out of their depression.

How can I write something that contradicts
A generation of freedom and neglectfulness?
How can I write about tenderness and happiness?
When all I see are cold expressions on those despoiled bodies.
Nothing Can Stop Me
Mood glistening on a starry night,
The wind picks up,
Tree’s squeaking back and forth,
Three people approach me,
Their eyes pulsing as if they’re about to roar,
“You’re not allowed here”
*SNAP*
I’m in my happy place, 
Walls of shiny, colorful glass,
So bright as the sun glistens off of it,
Its heaven,
It’s like I’m sitting on a smoky cloud where nothing negative is allowed,
Just happiness, 
Nothing to worry about, 
I opened my eyes and, 
*SNAP*
“You’re not allowed here” they repeat as if I didn’t hear them the first time,
As if I cared,
I walk my way down the miles-long road deciding which direction can take me to where I want to be,
I can hear people whispering and making comments,
And it’s settled.
The direction that calls my name is far away from the negativity and leads me into great happiness.
Ode to Goldfish

Goldfish, o goldfish
My sweet valentine
Take me to better days
To better Times
Where life was much simpler
Where life was so grand
And all that I needed
Was your yellow tan
See life’s not so fun now
Not like it once was
I’ve much to pay up for
But no cash or funds
The stress is so much now
I simply can’t bare it
And yet you still smile
How can you still dare it
You once made my day
Now only a snack
Please oh please Goldfish
Please take me back
Pent Up
Look at the reflection

Of yourself in the water,

Soft hair in bouncy curls

And lips kissed by the sweetest berries.

You stare,

And your make up smears,

To reveal a rotting face,

And lies that course through 

Your veins, like bugs under your skin

Itching to be set free.

You leech out my happiness

While I strive to make you smile,

And slowly the reflection changes.

Now the perfect blonde in the water,

Looks just like me.

Picture Perfect
The photographer is only a witness
To what they see hidden within the trees
To look deep into nature
And all is made clear
And reminds me of what I love
Rather than what I fear
There is only me and my camera
And what I can see beyond the lens
I admire the beauty of the butterfly’s wings
As it flies from flower to flower
Or of the dragonfly as sits just beyond my grasp
I watch it fly away smiling
Knowing that it’ll be back.
							
Pierrot
Smile plastered on my face
I’ve formed lines from repetition
Cheeks straining
Lips twitching
How long must I keep this up?

A mask brings some relief
Hides me away
can’t let them see
any sincere emotion
yet if worn for too long
tears might melt it
I’ll be bared
to my oblivious audience

I perform my very best
no wait, that’s a lie
they only assume it’s all I have
little do they know
the real show goes on inside

With every trip, each stumble
they cackle such a horrid sound
I’d glare if I could
If my mouth allowed
I’d curse them all

Struggling to get up
exaggerated movements seem to say
why yes, it was planned
Come gather ‘round
Praise the clown!

Face painted like a fool
but who exactly is the dunce
while I’ve seen what they have to offer
they’re left pondering
what’s hiding in my gloved hands

Crimson stains litter the skin,
Occasionally seeping through the white cloth
In these moments I stare in apathy
another costume ruined
I’ll just don another

A new large white blouse
and ruffled frilly collar
that stupid hat
with the jingling bells
I reapply the powder
till every visible surface 
is nice and pale

A glance at my face show something’s amiss.
Instead of carefree I still look like me
that has to change 
no one can be allowed to see

I grab a mask with a lone tear drop
Placing it on I instantly transform
that lovable joker is here once more
It’s time to go on with this masquerade

Balancing lives
Juggling lies
sometimes I forget it’s all a play.
I’ve become the charade.
A true Pierrot.
Seated Bliss

We don't need to touch for me to feel the
electricity.
Pulsing, synchronized with my heart beat, it's stunning.
Constantly, I find myself drowning in the stubble freckling your face, feeling like tiny needles, pricking, I'll fall into a deep sleep only to dream of the bliss I currently live in.
Smiling Monsters
Mary looked around, the world teetering on the edge of black nothingness. She stumbled towards the gnarled tree whose hands were grasping up to the heavens, trying to escape its rocky confinements. Before she knew it, the ground was resting on her cheek. The back of her gown, billowing in the wind, leaving her back exposed. She got up; the fortress of white was finally behind her. No more smiling monsters to lock her in that dungeon at night. Every day, they tried to poison her with the red candy and tell her that everything was going to be okay. She never ate it, no matter how tempted. She’d ripped a hole in her sleeping pad and fed it the candy instead. The next time the smiling monster came into the room, Mary had reached in the hole and taken the candy, finally ready to fight back. 
The monster lie unconscious, and with that, Mary took its keys and ran. She could hear their roaring as she escaped. She could see the rapid flashes of fire coming for her: red and blue, red and blue. Soon, it wouldn’t matter that they were coming. Mary could see the way to her safe haven where the world disappeared. She’d fly where it ended; her feet would lift off the ground, and she’d take off into the clouds. She could almost feel it.
The earth beneath her feet was gone; she reached her arms out, spread her wings, and flew.
Officer Dobson looked out over the cliff and down to the rocks below. He shook his head and called back to his partner, “Call the coroner.”    
Stressing about Stress

It’s like it builds up more and more
The stress, you just can’t take it anymore
Call it quits or keep going is a tough decision to make
Wasting too much time, soon it will be too late
I have to get it under control
Before this stress devours my soul
Dragging me down into a dark hole
Taking me down, taking its toll
I’m going to map out my strategy, tackle these things
Create my own anthem that the angels will sing
After victory has surfaced
And I fulfilled that purpose
Move on in life with little worries
Take my time moving along, I’m not in a hurry



The Carnival Line 

I waited under the endless stars,
feeling my toes and nose succumb to numb. 
Candy apple red crossed with marshmallow white.
Sounds were like popcorn, springing from the shells
and jumping to the tops of the tents. 
I watched the lights loop around, 
circling ceaselessly the Ferris Wheel. 
Dozens upon dozens of delighted 
giggles and chortles laughing all about.
Whirls and whooshes and awe and wonder.
They went up, sideways, upside-down and under. 
Some walked like the ground was cotton candy;
bouncing and soft, plush and springy. 
Molasses permeated the frozen night.
Sticky, slow, sickening and slushy,
all seasoned with salt from the concessions stand.
Tinny music, and the grating of tracks.
I could feel the muggy skin of crowds and masses,
creeping along my skin in the cold.
I waited by the empty booth,
patient and complacent. 


The Fast Track to Hell
 
The fast track to Hell is a slippery one
Lined with wiggly, puking flowers
Paved with something dark and almost not there
 
Alongside it sometimes you’ll see
Babies made orphans by others ahead
They’ll whimper and moan and you'll bear on
 
At the end of the road you’ll see what looks like          Victory
A shadowed man holding his trophy high above
When you get closer, you’ll see your head.
 
The Girl with Red Hair

The girl with red hair:					
Elusive, 
Radiant in white,
As majestic as gold,
Adorned in elements of blue,
Like a watercolor.
Her adamant honesty,
Life in harmony.
Born of fire,
Soul echoing with a storied past.
Her life like plastic
Of every color.

All pearls are not created equal,
Despite their accepted meaning of perfection.

She fights in a cemetery,
Facing the swells and
The jagged mountains.
Dehumanizing
Her resolute pilgrimage and
Her uncommon courage.

Salt in a drop of blood: 
Stinging,
Refusing to be ignored,
Yet remaining concealed
To the ignorant sphere around her.

She lies here now,
The very definition of
Solitude and serenity.
Alone with her memories, 
Singing in a dissonance 
Only those like her can hear.
For it is hard to fall 
As much as she does.


The Koi Pond 

Down by the pond side,
where the Koi all come to play,
secrets like to hide
and children like to lay.

She dances with such grace.
There's no way she could be real.
Her dull pearls and shredded lace,
contrast her eyes of teal.

Beneath a now empty water bed,
 her cold bones stay.
There is a hole in her head
where maggots like to play.

She lays without a sound.
Her eyes have turned to jelly
Though vomit stains her gown,
it's been shredded to confetti.
***
Down by the pond,
where fish-bone sprigs sprout,
kneels a girl with hair of blonde
the wind blows all about.

With paper in her hand,
and dirt in her lap,
she dares not to stand
for fear her heart may snap.

She blinks back rage without success
And reads with an ire blush
“I'm sorry for the mess
My dear, we were in a rush.”The poem of life
Once you were a thought, 
A mere idea inside your parents heads.
Like a poet trying to find the right words
To put down upon the empty page.
Then you were born, 
And you take your first breath.
As the pen meets the paper 
And suddenly starts to write.
Now you are five just starting to ride a bike,
You fall, but like the poet you get up and start again.
Now you are sixteen driving the car for the first time,
You are as nervous as the poet standing before the crowd.
Finally you are eighteen full of freedom and responsibility
You are confident and unafraid,
Much like the poet standing upon the oaken stage 
Reading the words that were written 
Upon the once empty page
The poem of Life.
The Prize
She smiled more.
She looked in the mirror at her reflection. No longer did she see a face of hopelessness looking back at her.
Her scars had faded away.
Her bones ceased to show.
She took control over her mind and didn't let a trace of depression seep in.
She found joy in being alive.
She was finally
Okay.
The Song of Service

Many strings being plucked at once.
Harmoniously working to bring to pass the greater goal.
Love for the complete stranger,
Or even the one you titled loathsome.
The matters that mattered no longer matter,
And your hands,
The crumbling cracked hands that struggle to hold itself,
Have been called to play.
Just one note in the greater symphony,
A violin,
A piano,
Is the just and plentiful sound
To cast out the darkness in one's life for a moment,
Or a day,
And perhaps for eternity.
Your smile,
Your forgiveness,
Plays the song of service for all to hear,
And someone to join in.

Underwater Dream
Splish, Splash 
The waters perfect

Swimming faster, 
Tearing the water apart

Losing feeling in my legs 
Opening my eyes. 

A whole new world of bright colors and strange animals, 
Quietness all around

I come up for air, breath
I dive back down, to my underwater dream
Useless Pillow

When I’m down,
When I’m upset,
When I’m confused,
When I’m worried,
You’re never there… you useless pillow.
 
You’re not soft,
You’re not forgiving,
You’re never clean,
You’re never fresh,
You useless pillow.
 
You’re not determined,
You’re not faithful,
You’re not generous,
You’re not helpful,
You useless pillow.
 
You fight hard,
You crush deep,
You relax no one,
You keep me awake,
You useless pillow.

What Comes with Coffee These Days

Early morning breakfast.
Serene, perfect,
orange and violet fire among the clouds.
The palm spotted beach,
green, yes. And cobalt, azure, cerulean.
A brimming excess of color.

Breakfast coffee in the morning,
like a liquid Aloha.
The wife turning up the classics.
The husband connected to the lyric.
But not her. Never her.

Tap, tap, tap.

“It’s amazing what comes with coffee these days.”
A reassuring smile
and a pat on the hand.
It seals the deal.

He takes a bite of a honey dewdrop biscuit.
Then there’s coughing. And more coughing.
Blood poisons his coffee mug
His eyes roll back, savage pearls in his head.
You’re a Venus Flytrap

These memories of mine
Have reminded me for years on end
Images of your smile
Your laugh
Your being
Reverberates in my head
I actually start to smile to myself
Missing you beside me
Laying with you and
Being lulled into a deep slumber
By your calming heartbeat
These memories make me happy
But only for a short time
The memories suddenly
Remind me of other things
Your hurtful words
Your so called nice personality
The fake person I fell for
Was just a mask
You never loved me
You are not a person
You are a venus flytrap 
Luring me with your sweetness
I was comfortable for a while
But then
You enclosed me
Trapping me behind your monstrous grip
I am in agony
I scream and try to break free
But I sadly realize
I’m never escaping 
You abominable being 
Add some spice to that rice!
Dogs in cages still wag tails.
Day of graduation, mom couldn’t show.
Cats are cohabitants; Dogs are companions.
Stop being drained by unimportant people
Moe’s doesn’t always mean Mexican food.
Sometimes rules of love break you. Little roses need as much love. The circling sun runs my life.
Mom wanted me to be “normal”
Blackened souls have the sweetest hearts
An Unwelcomed Trance 

I dreamt that I would be polishing your ribcage. 
My fingers would run across
Them and they’d rink and tink, each ring resonating uniquely 
Like tapping a xylophone, child’s play in my eyes
Yet your small bones concave them, so hollow
And heavy as my heart becomes when I go along with your idea. 
as the stars blink above you 
imagine,
vast fields of wheat,
hidden by the cover of darkness, 
as the wind bounces across the tops of grain,
an aurora, streaks across the broad horizon
covering the fields,  
and you can hear the birds in the distance.
the sky is coming alive,
orange, 
red, 
pink.
a radiant ball of lustrous, energy sits suspended.
(can be read bottom to top also) 

I feel my heart collapsing
Like a star in throes of death
My skin turns white like paper
And I take my final breath

My heart is collapsing fast
Past the Schwarzschild Radius.
A black hole forms inside me
Eating my body, meaningless.

I feel inside my body
The pressure inside my veins.
My blood rushes to the heart;
I feel overwhelming pain.

The blood in my arteries
Returns to the heart as well,
While I sit here hopelessly
Waiting for the pain to quell. 

I am drained of blood-but I 
Still have left to undergo
My tissue cells torn apart
All along my cold torso.

I crumble-like a piece of paper.
My body turns to dust.
Soon everything that's left of me
Will be gone-with a light breeze.
Bones

Bury my thoughts in your bare neck 
With my crystal tears as your blessing 
The precision at which your 
Joints bend is phenomenal
Because your physique has 
Fascinates me

And now
I struggle against the frigidness of your memory

You’ve flown away.

You kissed 
Scraped knees and cheeks,
As we all said it makes it better when it really doesn’t
And through those dark moments
You continued to radiate for me
Like a dimming light bulb, 
And in the times when you didn’t want to go out yet,
You twisted and stayed put there for me
Beneath that shelter that slowly came down
Your skeletal anguish crushing 
The safe lullabies uttered from your dry tongue. 


Replacement
Setting here with this Floron Expression
Wondering if I should wrap this cord
Around my throat
to see how bad I can choke
Before you realize what you’ve been missing
I did this when I was four
and I just Wanted more of your attention
but you always
Followed him around like he was lord
Rubbin’ touchin’ on him like you polishin’ a sword
And the more I tried to get your attention
You Still ignored me
All I wanted was to play a stupid board game with you
But it’s whatever now
i’ll just open dis’ door and see
If anyone will love me better than before

Teddy Bear
You may not know this, but I’m your first love
I’m the one that gave you your 1st kiss
Your 1st hugs
Besides your mom and dad
I’m the one who you told your secrets to
Who kept you company through the storms
Though you have gotten my nerves
With the constant make-up,Dress-ups
And Tea parties
I kept a smile on my face
‘Cause it kept it on yours.
Even though you have moved on
From me I still remember when
You said How much you Loved me.

I Do Lie
they say marriage is a never ending Story
of romance, Beauty
a place where two lovers claim True
take a closer Look
Into this native’s Eyes
‘Cause all I See
is the land of the Dead
lack of unity and Direction
where romance is a secret Elsewhere
marriage is for small town Thinkers
wanting security, but looking for Distractions


Where I’m From
I AM FROM the 90’s
FROM Jasmine rice and Nike
I AM FROM the original salt life. ( Hot 24/7)
I AM FROM the palm and willow trees whose spiraly limbs still gross me out
I AM FROM the you must eaters and shorties
FROM Abdullah, Elbert,Mason, Bagasol
I AM FROM the overly prejudiced
And distant
FROM “STAY OUT OF TROUBLE  ARAHIM!” And
“Do you have Mcdonald’s money?”
I AM FROM Christianity, Catholics, Muslims
Couldn’t tell you the difference, or if I cared
I’m from Jacksonville, FL and Manila
Pancit and sweet potato pie
From my Aunt’s long journey to America
The death of my long lost Uncle
To the silent battle of my uncle and Rahim
Sometimes I go through my baby photos
Reminiscing through old pictures 	
A shift of faces with unknown names who have drifted from my soul
I am from these moments

Kharizma’s Anthem

Feb 12, 1998 the world was turned upside down
this speech impediment child is my best friend
she is now currently teaching me the modern role of a woman
her motto : “Act like a lady think like a man”.
Which I find funny since she has no one
To show her what it’s like to be in love

She once was in love
she let her guard down
I didn’t expect this one
random phone call; my friend
crying, explaining that the man
she loved, broke her heart, she told this woman.

In her life she only had this woman
for support and love
so when they found out about the man
that destroyed her reputation they put her down
but I the best friend
lifted her spirits and she proclaimed: no one

Will disrespect her again. That was day one
of her new identity as a modern day woman
since her epiphany she realized I’m her only friend.
she creeds to never fall in love
to only think pimp, and to never be put down
by  a lie, or a scheme by another man.

Her motto: “ Act like a lady and think a man”
should be rule number one
for all females and should be passed down
to the next generation, so that every woman
Has the knowledge to the difference between love
and lust and to be their own friend.

Be your own friend
don’t try to find a man
believing they can support, care, and love
you , since the one
person you trusted didn’t.  Instead be an independent woman
that can’t be put down.

Hopefully this anti-love  mindset my friend
has dies down and finds her good man
to finally say, “ I found the one who appreciated a real woman”

Forgotten
He couldn’t wait to see her.  To hold her in his arms and kiss her rosy lips.  They had broken up many years ago, but time had not dulled the man’s thoughts of her.  Everyday he fantasized about seeing her again.  
Hello, my darling.
How are you, dear?
How about we grab some lunch?
Of course.
If only the world were so kind.  She was thriving in life.  Had an excellent job, and a loving family.  He, on the other hand, was lucky to get ten dollars on whatever street corner he was standing on.
That didn’t stop him from hoping, though.
One day, he saw her standing by a bus stop.  She stood alone, her phone in her hand.  He could tell that time had been kind to her, as she did not have any graying hairs or wrinkles on her face even though she was pushing fifty.  
The man started walking across the street to where she was.  She looked up and smiled at him.  He felt his heart swell up as he began to walk faster, faster.  She held her arms open wide and started walking towards him.  He did the same, a smile growing on his tired face.
She remembers me!
And the woman walked past him and into the embrace of the man behind.

My Moon

I practiced writing your name.
But only in my mind, because I don’t want you to know
That your smile is the moon to my heartbeat waves.

Every loop of a vowel and each fall of a line
Was trailed by the thought of you,
And I don’t know why I stare so longingly at my moon
When I can also see a puddle of orange pooling in the corner of the sky.

Your laugh is the breath to my bubble,
And in that moment I want to stop time
So that it can linger longer than a moment.
Winds can carry us to heights that I’m scared to admit I want.
But time defiantly crawls on, and our moment of clarity pops.

Before I discovered you, I was told
That life isn’t about finding yourself,
But creating yourself.
I’ve been thinking about that recently, and it makes me
Wish that I could will myself into hating you.

You have destroyed and stunted my growth
Because I only feel whole when we’re together.
Which terrifies me for when our moments together are over.
Am I to be left as only a half?

And it’s times like these that I wish life was a book
Where there’s an author’s note in the beginning
Saying that everything will be fine.
Because in my dreams of the future, you have taken root,
And I wake up wanting to kiss you.

“Be real,” everybody whispers through their masks of warmth.
Yet in this moment so fleeting, you are the realest thing to me.
So I close my eyes and let you guide me to a place
Where our moment can linger for longer than forever has planned.
Whispering to myself that I understand and that I don’t care what happens.

I let your breath draw me in like a bubble in the wind,
Praying that I won’t pop and fall below
With the remains of other past realities broken.
All the while you murmur things soft and sweet into my lips
To distract me from when this reality is going to leave me falling.

So I practice writing your name.
But in my mind, because I don’t want to know
What it will feel like when I have to burn the pages
Of my moon from my life, even if it is just a name.


My Sun

I used to love the cold.
I remember that I would beg for the summer to end,
just so that I could escape the blistering heat
and fall into a pool of frigidness.

Then one day I realized that you kept me warm.
It was a strange feeling at first, this radiating
excitement that would never leave me alone, and
would always bother me until I couldn’t think of anything 
but you,

My Sun.

I now wake up every day just wanting to feel your heat
and wanting the days to last longer and the nights to last shorter.
I long for the summer because it gives us time to bask in each other,
and all I want is to feel this blistering heat for all of my life. 
But I can’t.

And now I am filled with fear, 
of what will happen when winter comes
and what will happen when I have to say goodbye 
to your warmth. Goodbye to what you have given me.

And Sun, I know you must set, but why is it that 
you have to set on me?
Why is it that you became set on making me warm
when it would have been easier to let me love the cold.

Now I hate the cold, but I feel it approaching 
and I can’t move or run or flee but I must invite it back in me, 
a solitude of emptiness that I know can only be filled by your solace.

And as the winter approaches, I can only hope that your heat
ignited an ember that will hold your warmth inside of me, 
because without you I am afraid I am empty. 


THESE HAVE TO BE PUTIN TOGETHER
Love You Always
In summertime, our love is innocent, like Sunflowers floating in the breeze.
In wintertime, our love is warm — it Ran from head to toe.

If skies are blue, our love is happy — two people Running in the sun.
If thunder rolls our love is Strong, a refuge from the falling rain.

When spring flowers bloom, our love is bold, like Purple petals on the Lilies.
When autumn leaves fall, our love is Silver, shining bright like a harvest sunset.

From winter to summer our love will continue to delight.
From season to season, I love you always! My one, my only, my sugar.
Butterflies

When he talks

I can’t think straight,

It's like I get lost in his words,

Every sentence not able to

Penetrate my dazing mind,


When he looks at me

All I can think about is

The thought of him looking at me,

I suddenly look away

Fearing I have stared too long,


When he listens

My face can’t help itself

To turn that classic rosy colour,

In moments my face is completely red

And I fear he might notice,



When he is near me

My mind keeps telling me

Not to embarrass myself

Because if I do I worry

About what he thinks,  

For these reasons and more simply can’t help it

When he...



Little Green Forests

Nestled away
Comforted by the earth
Like long trees
Protects them from
The heartache of the world
A world filled with
Cockroaches


Lost Stories
The damp earth
Hides away the struggles
Of those who came
Before us
Their stories told by
Footprints.


My Life < School

I want to thank
Everyone that has
Shown me what
Really is important

Thank you for teaching
Me the correct way
To think about the
Importance of overzealous
Amounts of homework.

Thank you for teaching
Me that good grades
Are more important
Than my self worth

Thank you for teaching
Me that homework
Is more important
Than spending quality
Time with my family

Thank you for teaching
Me that society only
Cares about test scores

This is for all the people
Who believe school is
More important than
My life, for all these
Reasons and more
I say thank you.


Inner Thoughts

It devourers your inner peace of mind,
Like a black cloud hanging over your head
It consumes you,

Every happy thought
Drowned in sorrow
It cannot be cured
Because in fact it is a disease,

It is the monster under your bed
The thing that only the nightlight can keep away,
Only the braves ones
Can withstand the struggles it brings,

The hopes and dreams we all share
Are hidden away
Stress
I envy the sweet satisfaction of sanity, 
Something I don’t posses. 
Instead I am instilled with 
The sorrow and the stress of a scrupulous mind.
The screams of fear of sin are
Synonymous with my thoughts.
Silence
Is seldom a sound I’m allowed.
I envy the sweet satisfaction of sanity,
The sweet sound of silence. “A Woman is…”

Woman - of Color -
Of burnt smoulders and burdened shoulders. 
Your folded smile is
An anthology of volumes labeled 	impatience


Asking
Will never truly define her-
She slips from a fathom as 
Tremors do from the calling ocean floors.


I love- I love
The guise of that stowed twilight-
In a sovereignty of struggling seas
Replenishing her easy laugh.


If a woman’s strength could be written on paper,
I could only hand you a forest.
If it were the moon,
Tides would never cease their violent crashing.


Woman, I claim to you
To be not a pillar of salt, but a pillar of Fire.
Woman, with a capital “wo”-
Because sorrow itself is in our name...


Recognize,
History has only been HIS story-
Our future is the dance of ashes 
After we burn our definitions.

As One

Glued to our phones we stare at those shiny LCD screens. 
Our faces glow with the light of our mobile devices, 
Our heads bob to the sound of our individual playlists. 
Observing this scene, one is consumed with the overwhelming
Silence of the situation. Everyone is quietly tap tap tapping,
Transfixed in their own, hand-held universes.

But in these little universes are networks that connect us. 
There are bridges that are stronger than the mightiest Roman aqueducts;
Portals that open doors to other people's worlds.
Tap tap tap. Quietly, and individually. 
Yet, in this weird, self-oriented way we become one. 
We tap in unison. We are one: together, yet apart.

Butterflies 

When he talks

I can’t think straight.

It's like I get lost in his words,

Every sentence not able to 

Penetrate my dazing mind. 

When he looks at me 

All I can think about is 

The thought of him looking at me-

I suddenly look away

Fearing I have stared too long. 

When he listens, 

My face can’t help itself

To turn that classic rosy colour.

In moments my face is completely red 

And I fear he might notice.

When he is near me, 

My mind keeps telling me 

Not to embarrass myself 

Because if I do, I worry 

About what he thinks.  

For these reasons and more, 

I simply can’t help it 

When he...
 
Conductor 
The sun is
a train conductor. 
He stands eminently 
in the ever-moving transit, 
greeting each passenger with an ardent smile.
Crisp Silence 

An absence of sound 
Sends shivers down 
My bony, arched spine-
Like biting into an
Apple out of the 
Ice box.
With chilled, purpling fingers,
While the dryer’s humming
Drowns in
White noise that flutters
Around the caverns of my mind,
Trying to escape into
The cool, crisp, spray
Of the apple-
Now missing a chunk
But still just as cold.Daffodil

You are a flower, Daffodil
You move with the wind, Daffodil

Standing proud, with a smile of gold
Then a storm rolled in, Daffodil

You couldn’t hold on, my love
I watched your smile fade, Daffodil

People watched you wither away
I was blind to you, Daffodil

I held you close to my heart
Why wouldn’t you smile, Daffodil?

They fixed you and put you in the dirt
You are a flower, Daffodil.
Demons of Sickness
Hair long and flowing
Words erupting with passion
No drop of makeup showing
Appearing in a graceful fashion

Her hair begins to thin 
Words barely escaping from her grin
Makeup conceals her darkened face
She was entangled in a race

No hair remained on her head
Words no longer being said
Her makeup had been wiped clean
Covering up chemo was merely a dream
Fake

She called herself our friend.
She laughed with us and played with us and made us feel special.
She gave us advice and called us beautiful.
She had so many friends.
She said “I love you” to everyone she spoke to.
We thought she meant it.

She talked to us about others.
She said mean things.
She swore that we weren’t like them.
She said she’d never say those things about us.
She said we were her best friends.
We thought she meant it.

She wasn’t careful.
She wasn’t quiet, just that one time.
She swore it wasn’t us she was laughing at,
Talking about,
Making fun of.
She was our best friend,
She would never.
We began to doubt her.

Even when we heard her say those things,
Those mean things we had let her say about others,
We didn’t want to believe it.
She was our best friend.
She would never.
She called us beautiful.
She made us feel special.
She made us feel loved.

But she was fake.
And people who are fake never make
Genuine connections.

She called herself our friend.
She laughed with us and played with us and made us feel special.
She gave us advice and called us beautiful.
She had so many friends.
She said “I love you” to everyone she spoke to.
We thought she meant it.
We thought she was real.

She wasn’t.
Fallen Citadels of Mars
Mars. 2349. Nova Alexandria.

There was a windstorm coming from the east. I would only have an hour before it hit, and the ruins were unprotected. I’d heard the warnings, heard what they had told me: that I could wait until after the storm had passed to go out.
Had they lived on Mars, before? This was the first base built after the evacuation of Mars, and I wasn’t certain they knew how long it a storm of this size would last. But I did. I could feel it in the air.
I placed the mask over my mouth and the goggles over my eyes before stepping out. There were still remnants of the plants around, miraculous to say not all of the old settlement was destroyed. You could see the few plants clinging to life, the buildings peering out of the red dirt.
This city had been abandoned to the ravages of the dust, but somehow even it had survived.
Road signs were nonexistent now, but I remembered my way. It had been fifteen, twenty years since I had last stepped foot on these streets, but one doesn’t simply forget their childhood home, not that easily.
My footprints caused miniscule explosions of dust in their wake. Footsteps, ringing against the sands, where no one had stepped in so long. The winds were picking up, slowly, and my footprints were washed away in the red.
The house was not as I had left it. The place was ruined, with the highest floor missing completely and the door laying half opened, the metal grown dull and coated with the red sands. I stepped inside, given a momentary shelter from the winds.
Sitting there on the floor besides the kitchen table I found it, the treasure I had spent so much money looking for. It stared up at me with beady eyes, mostly saved from the ravages, tucked away from the winds I could hear rattling the house.
<Uh, Alexandria 1?> The radio fizzled to life in my ear. <The storm is picking up. You’ll need to return to base soon.>
I picked up the bear gingerly, grateful that it didn’t fall apart in my hands and walked down the hall and up the stairs to check on the room that had once belonged to me.
All I found was the open Martian sky staring back at me.
I climbed back down the stairway and out the door, pulling it shut with a grunt and sealing what little remained of my childhood inside. The storm was picking up, and I could only see what was close to me, and the bright lights of the city in the nearby distance.
Holding the bear close to my chest, I walked back towards the city.
Finding Sand
I walked out barefooted and traveled over the dunes;
I planned a day looking for the perfect site with ears full of soothing tunes.
With every step, I sank pleasurably so slightly toward the sea-
A beautiful view for all to envy, but a sight only true to me.
The perfect tint, the perfect sparkle, so warm the expression;
To leave undisturbed and hold in hand is a difficult mission.
You reach for it and manipulate your hand deep beneath the surface;
You turn palm side up, then raise your hand attempting to maintain your purpose.
You try to sustain the beauty, you grasp ever so more tightly;
Holding the beauty embellishes the adoration much more brightly.
As time marches on the grasp becomes noncommittal;
The beauty once held tightly, strains quietly but noticeably little by little.
Fire and Water

I sometimes like to stop and admire
The perfect contradiction of water and fire.
The elemental yin and yang, the lightning and thunder.
But which is more powerful? 
I ask you to wonder.

For fire is loud, and roars, and burns,
And water is seemingly soft as it turns
Into waves, not flames, not as hot or as tough
As the fire that quickly lights everything up.

But water is patient, while fire is not.
Water can be slow; it can sit there and rot.
Or it can tear you down right off of your feet
And drown you in waves less than two inches deep.

It can freeze. 
It can race.
It follows,
Gives chase. 
For water is everywhere,
Clear and blue.
It can even take life as it lives in you.

So I ask you once more, just for fun,
As both fire and water burn in your lungs,
Which one is worse? Fire or water?
Which is more powerful?
I ask you to wonder.

Good Morning and Goodnight

12 pm. 
I woke up at 11 am shamelessly. 
Lightly treading on teakwood floors that have felt more secrets and souls than gypsies have,
my feet are wrapped in fuzzy pink socks that might as well be tiny pillows on my feet
as I nonchalantly sip tea that stains teeth and leaves water rings on the coffee table.
Good morning. 

2 pm.
I picked up a flower in the garden today; it had a broken stem.
I plucked the petals off one by one;
watching the pistil kiss them goodbye as they fell onto the grass, only to fly away in the breeze.
I thought about how beautiful the flower was
and how I still adored it for what it was
despite its flaws.

It reminded me of you.

4 pm. 
I write in my little, black book yet again, filled with secrets, doodles, and splatters of black ink,
as I bring a cappuccino to my strawberry lemonade lips.
I read past entries from days long gone
as I realize my heart is made of midnight memories and dried rose petals from our first date,
stitched together with good intentions and sheer determination 
and bundled with fresh sheets washed with lavender and honey soap.

10 pm.
I remember the night you fell asleep on the floor next to me
at a quarter to four in the morning.
You told me to wake you up in an hour
so we could talk about dreams and stars and going far
among other things.
The world heard you sigh heavily as you drifted off to a slumber.

The thought of your dreams being able to explore every crevice of your alluring mind
made my scratchy throat burn and itch,
almost as if it was calling your name.

2 am. 
I’ve lost so many things that my hands and mind can’t keep up.
I’ve tried counting my losses and my mistakes, but my fingers shake like they’re about to crumble.
My memory gets clouded, like heavy fog masking the roadways on early Sunday mornings.
The gray sky is a vignette to the bare trees, who are busy, tangled in each other’s arms.
At least they have it together.
Goodnight.
Happiness is a Whisper

Quick, fleeting, gone.
Your crystal chandelier sparkles beautifully in your mansion.
Your luxury car purrs along the inky pavement. 
Your tongue swims in crimson champagne. 
It’s no wonder our eyes skim, miss, forget. 
It’s the shine after a heavy rain. 
The thought of a first love.
The gap-toothed smile of a child because
True happiness is something you must listen to.
Hateful Murder

The hate in your eyes strikes the match,
The word mercy is no longer used,
Eliminate the problem.
His death before your own,
As he turns to ash, no more worries.
Sleep is finally an action, not just a word,
Your life moves on like nothing ever happened,
Not a word to be spoken.
My blood will soak the star-spangled rags in the roads, abandoned and desolate as everyone slowly creeps
Behind cracked blinds, closed door, and paper thin walls as the rumors seep
Through the shaking fingers of those who are being beaten and battered and bandaged and bruised.
This isn't the life that I wanted to live because even when I am guaranteed to win, I am bound to lose. I’m sorry, Michael.

 We're merely acquainted strangers whose roads not taken are vexed and crossed.
Hunched over shoulders and weary eyes that are vacant and blatantly lost
In pages of novels so finely detailed that the colorful imagery
Eventually brings you back to life, and you’ll find your way back to me. I’m sorry, Trayvon.

I wish, I wish upon a star light years and galaxies away
That my severed shambles will be stripped, and I will never feel the pain.
The rambling dissonance in a grand distance is silenced by my pen,
And my fears will be the lyrics that tragically transcends every now and then. I’m sorry, Tamir.

Through the process, I lost all common sense and consciousness.
I promised that I would regain my confidence, but consequently
It's far greater than I had prepared.
I had to bear the weight of the world, but I didn't care enough to take care (of you). I’m sorry, Eric.

They'll beat you down and make you drown in every dream you've dreamt.
They'll strip away your livelihood and work you until your bones lament.
Hands will blister, tears will fall, your back will be whipped and bent,
But it's impossible to mask all of your discontent. I’m sorry, Anthony.

While dragging that load behind you, all you've paid, the bricks you've laid,
You'll look back and see that you actually paved the way
For everyone who follows in your footsteps to partake
In the adventure and conflicts that come when you seize the day. I’m sorry, Sandra.

I’m so sorry that my printer doesn’t have enough ink to write enough apologies
To enough mothers of all the black children who decided that enough was enough
Or those who had their decisions made by the authorities.
January’s Fury

The wind was left with an eerie feeling
Of not being alone.
Because January’s fury
Sent the wind running,
To escape the cruel crushing flakes
Of endless snow.
Lyrics for the Forgotten

  
There are several types of people in the world.
There’s the heartbreakers, the hip shakers,
the lip lockers, the heartachers,
and the ones who have lost it all, watching all they’ve ever known deteriorate into nothing.
 
I can’t help but wonder,
what about the others?
 
What about the broken puzzle pieces,
who have the potential to become the bigger picture,
 
something beautiful.
 
The stars dreaming of becoming big city lights
who have the ability to blind bystanders with their beauty, 
yet are too blinded by the lack of confidence in themselves to realize it.
 
The hopeless, who’ve got more stone walls up than Jackson,
brushing the messes they’ve created under the bed of broken promises,
hiding under the covers of who they pretend to be.
 
If you’re one of those people who haven’t gotten their songs sung yet,
I want you to fall in love with as many things as possible,
even if your heart is missing a few pieces.
 
This one is for you.
Memory poem 
 
As I lie in bed tonight 
And look up at the moonlit night  
An inside battle fight 
And in an instant the room bright  
With your ethereal light 
Your presence set my world in place  
And you match up at a perfect pace 
A smile graces your godly face 
And somehow it makes my heart race 
Without a word you have me bound 
My feet are rooted to the ground
I don’t even look around
Yet you still don’t even make a sound 
You look at me with your lovely eyes 
That tell me all your lovely lies 
And yet I break all of my ties 
With this world of demise 
The tears then threaten to fall 
As you stand so strong and tall 
You still listen to my every call 
And break through my every wall 
You pull me into a warm embrace 
And of sadness there is no trace 
On nor mine nor your face  
For this is a sacred place 
Like always you make me feel so secure 
And your every intention so pure 
And when I feel so insecure  
You say you will stay for evermore.   

Minotauros 

While others feel the painful heartbreak of love, 
I’m left feeling the painful heartache of being 
alone. Hearing complaints about the hurt of 
flying too close to the sun, when the truth is that 
with heartbreak, it means you let your light 
close enough to burn you. You let someone see 
you in your weakest moments, but at least you 
were free. While you’re feeling the warm love of 
the sun on your skin, stretching your wings; I’m 
still in the maze… Being forgotten, searching for 
a way out. But the clock keeps ticking. My 
hope, dwindling. My kindling turns to ash with 
each passing second. But I’ll keep on running, 
searching for a way out of my lonely prison, just 
for a glimpse of light.
Nameless Nightmare
Faces in places with silent graces
Invisible, yet divisible.
Cracks in the black yelling “Turn back.”
Fear, none are clear, an eerie frontier.
Awaken, not forsaken, only mistaken.
Dreams, cut at seams, without a mean.
Awake, do not quake.Ode to a woman who never once saw
The beauty in the things that 
do not fall.
She stands up robustly, she towers
above me. 
Men come to look at the slight 
of her jaw.

The woman that regards herself 
as sin, 
She keeps me close to her as kin. 
She wears a very loose cloth,
And thinks of them as taut.

Instinctively, she cares for me,
But she wouldn’t tell you so. 
She awakened in the summer.
The mind wanders when it is
hotter. 

Feverishly, I hold onto this life.
That of a woman, then again,
I could not think of another.
The life that plagues a mother. 

A woman who might topple over,
Kindness, she is malnourished. 
She puts her hand on my shoulder.
She cares for me, and I have
flourished.
Optimistic Fantasy

Picture me riding solo,
In my low-lo,
Watching the whole world move in slow-mo.
Everybody is outside enjoying themselves like it’s Summer every day.
All human beings are treating each other like family, sharing love amongst each other.
There is no need for police,
As all humans don’t have a need for any of the pointless crimes that used to be committed.
No more cheating,
Stealing,
Or blaming one another.
Look how far we’ve come.As gentle breezes dances through the leaves, you know
As the sun streaks the sky to find
The daisies, embedded in freshly, fallen snow, 
All witness the tragedies of mankind.

The vicious inferno engulfs the ocean of grass,
All the elegant, swaying branches in the trees.
Nothing remains, vanished now to the past
Except the footprints of you and me.

The brilliant colours of the leaves are mirrored in the flame,
But changed is all the nature we have destroyed.
Like a painting bound by an ineligible frame,
Our world is being discarded as an ill-begotten toy.

To reconcile the damage, unbeknownst to the remainder of the woods,    
Would take pain, toil, and years.
Our destructive, carbon-infested presence will never cease
As long as we are still here.
OVERRIPE MEMORIES

Like the heat of summer on the day we fought,
Blackberries have a way of lingering.

Even in the winter months, 
when they taste of ice.

Tiny cells of my memories hide a sour core,
each berry is condensed of you.

Seeing them is to see you.
Colored of fresh bruises and broken promises.

Tasting them is to taste the air that day.
Sweat, humidity, and anger.

The juice feels like oil slick
and the seeds bleed me like thorns.

Your descent into my mind is inevitable.
Like overripe Blackberries falling from its bush,

Leaving behind green drupes that will
soon become as black as that night.

Pressure.
It’s weird how it works.
When you’re high up in the air, pressure is all but gone; the sun warms your back and the wind lifts you high.
On the ground, it feels normal, monotonous; nothing will ever change, and each day is a carbon copy of the last.
Below sea level, the pressure can be crushing and only those with the most resilient of equipment can withstand it.
Maybe that’s the reason why people who have no obligations, those who experience no pressure, feel free.
Maybe that’s the reason why people with a moderate amount of pressure feel stable and secure.
Maybe that’s the reason why people with nothing but pressure feel like they’re drowning, and never quite safe.
Pressure.
It’s evident in all lives. 
For the birds flying high, they don’t have to care; they’re free aside from when they need to land on the ground. Those that are grounded are stuck in the same routine: clockwork, robot machines, focused on the next day, next project, next paycheck. Those under the surface struggle for air, fight to stay up, fight to float, fight to survive. Those that are drowning have shackles and chains around wrists and ankles, carved with the maker’s signature: “Mom,” “Dad,” “Lover,” “Sibling.” The most unfortunate few have made their own.
Pressure.
It’s a pushing force.
Pushing people to move, pressing people to act, forcing people to think.  Sometimes, it’s too far. Sometimes, it’s not enough.
Birds have just enough to press off; they have just enough to float to their next task.
Machines are powered by a constant force, always moving.
The anchors have too much, only alleviated every once in awhile.
Pressure.
It’s funny how it works.
The thing that leads someone to attempt to take their life, the thing that pushes someone to strike at themselves, the thing that pushes someone to give in can also save the person.
Pressure.
It’s ironic how without enough pressure being applied, without it being held long enough, they will bleed out.

Puppy Love

I love you even though you don’t love me.
I see you every day behind this glass,
But I am content to forever be
Yours, in whatever shape or form you ask.

Your eyes, your nose, your smile captured me.
Your soul reached out and begged me to take you.
I loved you right then, for I heard your plea
To be free. I know you wanted it too.

But then came the girl, and you called for her
The same way you did for me. And I felt
Offended and hurt; it was she you preferred.
But I swear I still care, for my heart still melts.

I’m trying to find you through this dark fog,
But I can’t. I’m poor, and you are a dog. Ripples
 
Water ripples gently
Across a pond,
Sprinkled with frogs 
Whose croaks pound so loudly
Your heart thrums along to their beat.
And your feet swish back and forth,
Sending ripples towards the rhythm
That make the frogs jiggle on their
Lily pads that look too tiny to hold
That much weight.
Then your feet come to a stop
As the frogs silence, and
Your reflection stares back at you,
Cold-
Like the water, sending shivers
Down your spine with each new wave.
And with the waves come water skippers,
Surfing in from across the pond
To swish away your reflection with each stride,
Until only ripples remain.
Running
 
My life is a never ending marathon,
one that I have not trained for.
I’m not quite sure where I’m headed,
but people seem to be directing me along the way.
 
I leap over hurdles that seem to pop right back up
twice as high as the last.
My lungs constantly feel like they’re about to collapse.
 
I feel as if I’m suffocating on my own air.
 
I hear cheers from supporters, and
bystanders screaming, “Keep going!”
as if they were the ones running.
 
I often think of giving up,
stopping before I reach the finish line:
a line that seems to be a world away.
Something I dare not to do, but think of doing more than I should,
 
but maybe, just maybe, I’ll make it.
Snowy Crown

The white flowers trap 
the serene lake in a crown 
of snowy blossoms.
Social Media Detox
						
Do you have FOMO because I have FOMO and it is a nonono! 
So I´m sure most of you, like I did, read the title above and went FOMO?? Is that a disease? FOMO is an acronym that stands for fear of missing out. Is this news to you, because it was news to me. Some point last week, I was texting with my aunt who is apparently much cooler than me. I was saying how I deleted Snap-chat, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. Yes, you may all gasp now. I live on the east coast where Blizzard Jonas struck and to all of our luck school was cancelled the whole week. All that extra time can be daunting, and I know like most of you social media is the main cause of wasted time. You start stalking a kid you saw in the hallway and before you know it, you are on their mothers cousins twice removed page. Oh, and it is midnight. You have wasted your entire day. I was tired of this constantly happening to me. I had all these great things that I wanted to do, but people´s selfies on Instagram were more important to me. So as I was telling my aunt this spiel, she responded with, ¨oh so you don´t have FOMO?¨ I had no idea what FOMO was and once she explained it, I realized that was exactly how I felt. There was twenty inches of snow outside and I had no means of outside communication. I didn’t know what was going on with that one girl in my English class, or get to see the boy´s twitter posts I stalk everyday.  I felt lonely, and isn’t that the saddest thing you have heard. Lonely, because of four minuscule apps. The first few days I was like wow, what do I do with myself. Do I do homework, read a book, go out with friends? Eventually, I got out of my fear of missing something and my depression. I picked up some books I wanted to read, watched a few documentaries, started a blog, did some design work, went to breakfast with friends, and spent more time with my family. As the days slowly started to pass me I realized that I didn’t miss social media, not even when I would get those texts from my friends asking if I saw so and so’s post or could I believe what Amber Rose said to Kanye West. When I did go out with friends, I was forced to live in the moment. I couldn’t post pictures, stories to my snapchat, or even tweet. I had the memories for myself and somehow that was enough for me. I felt cleansed as unrealistic as that sounds. My time wasn’t being wasted and I wasn’t focused on irrelevant toxic drama. I was focusing on myself and my life. Today has marked the one week period and when I downloaded these apps, I looked at them with a new mindset. I wasn’t going to let them consume my life. Social Media often causes more drama then it solves and if you have the opportunity to extract yourself from the situation, why would you not do it? I recommend to everyone, take a few days off. Do that one thing you always wanted to and don’t be guilty of FOMO. You are missing out on more with you head in your phone then you are without it.
 


Something's Changed

I have a problem.
I think I'm going
Crazy as I look
Into the mirror
Every morning.

I have a problem.
What's in the glass
Isn't me.
It's like there's
Something missing,
Or extra

I have a problem.
My smile isn't mine.
My eyes are not their own
There's something
Different,
Something more.

I have a problem.
When I look at the reflection,
A face smiles back with eyes
That are more than black.

I have a problem.
I see rosey cheeks
That look freshly blushed.
As I look into the mirror,
My mind wonders.

I have a problem.
As my mind wonders,
To a person I just met,
My pupils dilate.
I don't know what that means.

I have a problem.
I think I'm going
Crazy as I look
Into the mirror,
Watching myself

Falling in love.
Spring

The breeze brushes past.
Tickles my legs.
My hair floats up.
The tangy, yet sweet scent of strawberries wafts through the warm weather.
The fresh air fills my lungs with love and comfort.
Spring is arriving.
Spring is here.
Stars

They shine so bright.
And I think to myself,
How did you get up there?
I ask questions,
As I lay under the stars

Now read bottom to top


Sunrise
A new day begins with a glow. 
it begins to peek up on the horizon, a soft orange haze.
The darkness slowly fades, and the milky blue
sky becomes faintly visible.
The ball of light bobs above the ground.
The sun becomes more and more visible until
it pops up and radiates in the low sky.
The best part about a sunrise is that it is completely silent,
it forces you to calm your mind and use your eyes to appreciate
the beauty of a new day.
Sunset
Red,
The color of their lips when you
Dance together-
The color of the anger 
Within the lives of all. 

Orange,
The color of your skin under
Heavenly sun-
The color of the fire
Burning all.

Yellow,
The color of the happiness
From friends-
The color of your joy in
The purest form.

Purple,
The color of your mind
On a rainy day-
The color of an empty
House blending.

Blue,
The color of your sorrow-
Overwhelming-
The color of your tears 
Late at night.

White,
The color of hope that
Fills your heart-
The stars dotting a darkening sky-
Indescribable.


Tender Jealousy
I see you smile
And I smile, too
It’s all worthwhile
Because I’m happiest when with you.

I see you smile
Your hands entwined.
This may be juvenile,
But I wish with mine.

I see you smile
Swaying in motion
La Samba with him, in style,
As I stand away, still as the ocean.

I see you smile
You aren’t going my way
But that’s okay
As long as you're happy.
Teachers talking, yelling, screaming,
I don’t know if they’re hearing,
In fear for their job,
Teaching to test.
Students talking, yelling, screaming, fearing
But are they learning?
Students cramming, studying, even cheating,
Everything rushed at them at once.
In fear of the future,
They don’t know what to do.
Losing sleep
All for a piece of paper.
The Departed

You’ve ruined me.
You’ve absorbed all of me up, like fresh eyes on abstract art.
You took a part of me as a souvenir, and left your mark on that little thing called my heart.
But I can’t help but think of you the way the shore endlessly kisses the sea. 
It’s reoccurring and addicting, and no matter what my mind says, my heart won’t listen to its plea.
You’ve separated what I have known from what I have felt, and you’ve taken my bones apart,
breaking me down like a tumbling redwood tree, crunching and splitting, right from the very start.
You’ve memorized every crevice on my hands and lips, and you know how I like to drink my tea
but you’ve departed, leaving me unfinished, rattled, restless, and alone.
And here I am, watching sunset and stars rise, dreaming of a world where you are back;
silly me, to want something once broken, to relive midnight memories once known,
and now, all I feel, all I am, is black.
I am merely nothing but bones, flesh, a tainted heart, and a lost mind put together and sewn,
all because of you, the one thing I need, that I lack.
ten attempted calls later, and you still haven’t picked up your phone.
The kids are fine

There's a constant twang in my heart.
I am pulled upon so easily.
The kids are fine, and my stars have aligned,
But they’re crossed with yours.

It's eating me inside, but I'll never notice
Until my decay reaches my seams.
The kids are fine, but they can't seem to find
The meaning in what they are given.
The lights turned off
and we screamed.
Every apparition that loomed beyond us sent shivers through our bodies.
We were encompassed by complete obscurity,
Our hearing was heightened, and all we could make out was our own breathing,
Each agile footstep,
harsh plunge,
shallow breath,
faint whisper,
was magnified.
Their terror crammed the room,
flooding the area,
devouring us in horror.
My sister, cried,
through her I witnessed myself, crying,
then it was all over,
The people rose from their seats,
The credits rolled,
The lights turned on.

The Light
Warmth envelops me, 
Like I’m wrapped in the sun’s arms.
But I’m not burning.
I’m standing tall and strong.
The air is light, and I can breathe clear.
“I’m safe.”
The thought races through my mind on repeat.
Light beams through me,
Like I’m in my Heaven.
And nothing is wrong anymore, and
No longer is anything out of place.
Like a finished puzzle piece, I wish I belonged here.
But I know as well as He does that it’s not my time yet.
And just like that I’m free-falling.
Falling through my memories, and past loved-ones
Knowing I’ll be safe in this eternal
Light.
I’m warped back into reality.
The Park…

The Park.
Oh the beautiful insight it gives you on life.
Like that bird that is singing out of tune.
Or the acorns that fall off of this tree onto my head. 
And the breeze that blows the poison ivy right next to me into my face.
To the armed man currently trying to steal this pa- 
The Thing About Poetry

here's the thing about poetry
it's such a wide category
you've got your epic poems you see
which go beyond AB AB
fancy words like dactylic hexameter
(which can rhyme with either leader or letter)


								the poetic name?
and then you have					falls into
the poetry				this silly thing
that uses shape		can you believe
to convey meaning	

oh

and then you have
free poetry
which has no
rules
or rhyme
or structure
poetry
doesn't quite fit
in to any
category
except
maybe
when you
understand
the
one big
difference between
poetry
and 
prose:


poetry is defined as a literary work that has been arranged in a lyrical or rhythmic way, going  back from ancient times of when you had works that were meant to be sung, and those that were meant to be read, poetry coming from the former which is older than its opposite, prose, which is clearly evident from the fact that most all ancient religions take the form of songs or poetry, so as to be better memorized and shared along in a society before the commonality of the written word perforated itself in to culture and became the standard which directly caused the popularity of prose to rise:
(and yes that was a single rhyme)
(you can question me on if it counts as a line)
(if you’re prepared for some argument time)
(it’s not hard to speak it ridiculously fast)
(beat ships and guns for the fastest word blast)

you see poetry fell for a simple reason
it's the more complicated composition
not only do you have content and style
you have meter and rhyming and rules for miles
from a distance it's easy to see
how easy it is to make bad poetry
because of so many complex requirements
there's a reason we have only one poetic categorizement
(don't argue with me because that's a word
trust me if you heard it you'd be like hell sure)
but yeah in fact poetry is a dying art
mostly kept up by the smart
or goth middle schoolers trying to be edgy
and in rap -

well,

yeah, because rap bears more relation to poetry
then any other style of song singing
in fact, because it's spoken word instead of song
mostly beat and rhythm instead of most others along
with some of the facts and its history
you realize it's most likely derivatory
of one of many old poetic rhyming games
of which you can find in many cultures to date
because poeticness and poetry
are so inscribed in the international cultural society
which is in itself an interesting fact
but I believe I'm dragging myself off track
you see poetry is not based on reality
because it is art, and art you see
comes from the art, and organization
is not the purpose or the intention
and if anyone calls you to say you’ve broken the rules
ask them you follow the rules that you choose.
Trapped

I feel…
Trapped.
Stapled to my labels 
That were destined destiny by birth.
It’s unfitting,
Especially for the one who just wanted to fit in.
You look at me and see
The person I don’t want to be,
Opposite of the appearance I was given by your “God”,
I applaud your ignorance. 
Closed-minded on the topic
With no hopes to ever break it open.
I walk along this stubborn topic
Only wishing that my shell was constructed differently.
This is all I ask for in return.
View me on the same level-
I’m nothing less than normal:
Human,
But I don’t fit in that shell I grew up in.

“Unnecessary” 
The trees don’t need them—
the dying leaves.
They fall slowly—
nearly weightless—
not realizing they’ve been 
abandoned 
until it’s too late
and they’ve been trampled,
never knowing 
they’ve only ever been used.  
He's the most beautiful thing I've seen:
Selfless, optimistic, harmless--
Everything I'm not, and everything I admire and strive to be.
I'm always hesitant while he takes the lead:
long strides of well-built confidence
followed by his delectable waft demanding attention.
He is strong but yet more delicate to touch than the trophies
tucked along the walls of his room.
He flaunts everything. He poses,
with a sly flash.
It wouldn't be hard to admit
that I'd want to be the other half of his handsome couple.
Nothing I've needed more than
Someone who doesn't need me; by any means.
But he's my dream, the one I’m always longing for.
The wind chirps
In my ear.
Fluttering through my hair;
Careless.
It sings to me;
Briefly.
Then it flies away.Beauty
A frigid winter scowls
A smile, a passing kiss.
Soft as the spring sun.

Strength
Battlecry, warriors flee
Leonidas bends his knee
A woman enters. 

Radiance
The woman smiled, 
A light brighter than the stars
Beauty made profound 
As if God fashioned it alone
To show the world heaven’s scenes.

Nurturing
The hatch-ling crash lands
His mother floats through the breeze
To carry him home

Balance
A world imperfect 
Man and woman, yin and yang
A union complete
A family created 
Stronger than either one alone
Up in Smoke

Their bones chatter as they swing to the silence
Of a fiery night beneath the maple tree,
Around the charred black tables and through 
A string of teacups laying in the grass
To the music of the sun.
Void
The bleeding embers of my soul
contain the blackness consuming my heart.
War rages inside my mind,
plowing through my thoughts.
My blood boils and burns with each decision made
while the breath in my throat becomes trapped,
breaking down my vision, rendering me impaired.
Fires commence beneath my skin
forcing my eyes to close, 
while my body pushes forward
entering the void of not knowing.

Wind

Blowing softly past my face,
It carries my thoughts down to the trees where I
Played as a child
And lifts me as I climb
Higher and higher
Towards a sunny branch near the top 
Where the leaves are softer 
And the branches seem to melt
To my back
While I look up at a bright, blue summer sky
With clouds that watch as I waste away.
My days in a tree, whose name
Would be forgotten by those who called it home,
Left their marks on my hands
From the times I slipped and didn’t trust.
But if we ever talk about when I was growing up,
I’ll talk about that tree,
Where the knots felt more like home
Than my own bedroom doorknob.Winter as a Dragon’s Breath
Wings of snow covered ivory
Dappled scales of ice and frost
Heart of lightning during a storm